ix Binder Desktop Scaling + Restore Mobile View Toggle (Minimal Risk)

PROJECT: Marvel Card Vault (APP project)
CONSTRAINT: This is live in production with ~100 users. Make the smallest possible changes. No broad CSS sweeping changes. No refactors. No “cleanup.” Fix only the binder layout and the missing view toggle buttons.

Problem A — Desktop Binder Layout (3×3 looks wrong on desktop)

Right now the binder grid looks “off” on desktop: cards are too small relative to container and there’s too much empty space. We want:

Always show exactly 3 columns × 3 rows

Cards preserve aspect ratio

Use available space better on desktop (bigger cards than current)

Still no vertical scrolling required to view the 9 cards for that page

Required behavior

Binder container should fill available viewport space.

Grid should center and scale up to use that space.

Gaps should be responsive (smaller on smaller screens).

No extra padding that forces the grid to shrink.

Implementation rules (do this way)

Find the binder page component + its CSS container (likely binder-view.tsx or similar).

Ensure the binder grid container has a deterministic height:

height: calc(100dvh - HEADER_AND_TOOLBAR_HEIGHT_PX);

Use 100dvh (not 100vh) for modern browser correctness.

Use CSS Grid with fixed 3×3:

grid-template-columns: repeat(3, minmax(0, 1fr));

grid-template-rows: repeat(3, minmax(0, 1fr));

Each tile must preserve card aspect ratio while maximizing size:

Wrap each image in a tile div that uses aspect-ratio (same as cards)

The tile should size based on the grid cell, not its own fixed px.

Use object-fit: contain for the image to avoid cropping.

Reduce desktop dead space:

Remove unnecessary max-width constraints on the grid wrapper

Ensure container padding isn’t excessive on desktop

Use gap: clamp(8px, 1vw, 16px) so spacing doesn’t blow up

Deliverable: binder should look like the attached “good binder” style but scaled nicely on desktop (cards not tiny) and still fully visible without scrolling.

Problem B — Mobile: View Toggle Buttons Missing (Top Right)

On mobile, the buttons to switch views (grid/list or binder view toggles) are no longer visible in the top right. We must restore them.

Required behavior

On mobile, those buttons must be visible, tappable, and not hidden.

They must not be pushed outside the screen.

They must not be covered by overlays.

They must remain visible across header states.

Most likely causes to check and fix

Parent container has overflow: hidden; causing the button group to clip.

Button group lacks position rules and is flowing off-screen.

z-index conflict (buttons under a header or overlay).

Header layout changed to justify-content: space-between but right side container is too narrow.

Fix approach

Find the header/toolbar component that contains those buttons.

Ensure:

right-side container uses display:flex; align-items:center; gap: 8px;

buttons do not have min-width that forces overflow

container does NOT clip them (overflow: visible where necessary)

add z-index if needed so they sit above content

Do not change the button design system, just placement/visibility.

Deliverable: On mobile, the top-right toggle buttons are visible again.

Production Safety Requirements

Do NOT change shared button styles globally in this pass.

Do NOT touch unrelated pages.

Make changes in as few files as possible.

Provide:

List of files changed

Exact CSS/layout changes

Screenshot or description of desktop binder before/after

Confirmation of mobile toggle visibility restored

Optional Safety Guard (strongly preferred)

If possible, add a quick fallback:

Keep the previous binder layout behind a boolean flag (constant) so we can revert easily if something breaks.

Example: const USE_NEW_BINDER_LAYOUT = true; (single switch)