The FAQs in this section address some general questions about eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications.

Are developers required to subscribe to eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications?

Yes. Every eBay Developers Program application that is making API calls that use/store eBay user data must be subscribed to eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications. It is the responsibility of each developer to remove all user data associated with the eBay user specified in the eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notification.

How do I subscribe to eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications?

Go to the Alerts and Notifications page inside of your developer account. See the Subscribing to eBay Marketplace Account Deletion/Closure Notifications section in this document for more information.

How do I acknowledge eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications?

Set up a callback listener URL that will immediately reply to the HTTP POST notification with an HTTP status code indicating success. The following HTTP status codes are acceptable: 200 OK, 201 Created, 202 Accepted, or 204 No Content. The callback URL must use the 'https' protocol.

Why am I getting the same eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notification more than once?

eBay will resend any eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notification that is not acknowledged by the callback URL. If you are receiving eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications more than once, it is possible that your callback URL is not properly acknowledging the notifications.

I received an email that my callback URL was marked down by eBay. What do I do now?

Troubleshoot your callback URL to see why it is not properly acknowledging eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications. You can use the Send Test Notification tool on the Alerts and Notifications page to perform a test. Once you have discovered the issue, let eBay know and eBay will mark your callback URL as up, and will restart eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications being sent to that URL.

How do I verify that the eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications is actually coming from eBay?

eBay has created the following SDKs to verify the validity of each notification.

Event Notification SDK (Java)
Event Notification SDK (Node.js)
Event Notification SDK (.NET)
Event Notification SDK (PHP)
Event Notification SDK (Go)
Please see the Verifying the validity of an eBay Marketplace Account Deletion/Closure Notification section in this document for more information on how to do this.

How many eBay marketplace account deletion/closure notifications can I expect to receive on a daily basis?

Although it can definitely vary from day to day, developers should be prepared to acknowledge up to 1500 notifications on any given day.